W-15308521 multiruntime implement duke (#292)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/acb-open-packaged-sources.adoc

// note at the end of import procedures
// tag::import-note[]

> In addition to loading the graphical canvas UI, the IDE also loads dependencies defined in the `pom.xml` file for the project.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to loading the graphical canvas UI, the IDE also loads dependencies defined in the `pom.xml` for the project.
```

> In addition to loading the graphical canvas UI, the IDE also loads dependencies defined in the `mule-artifact.json` file for the project.

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to loading the graphical canvas UI, the IDE also loads dependencies defined in the `pom.xml` file for the project.
```
